university actors since they sport
but territory
we hear the Marseillaise the Giro
mormeck world we made it sound to
two times during the pressure stage
of the roller skating world cup a
times Saturday in team sprit associated with
adrien founders backscheider once
Sunday alone in the streets of
the station of the high vosges
yeah super happy that's right
win here in front of the buddies the
family everybody all the people who
follow us for some time that the
thank and then it really does
pleasure what every trick we hear
other names and the Romans and
indulge in fangs and when it goes
even better what was it was it was
super nervous
he was constantly attacking
against attacks it was necessary to do the yoyo
elastic
he had to fight every turn
very looser finish even harder I
successful so it's perfect
baptist christmas the teammate of romain
claudon within the roller ski racing
team was less fortunate
we have post during the mass-start
the bressaud resisted valiantly to
assaults of Russian and Italian carried
by the enthusiasm of his motivated audience
more than ever to not disappoint him
at the last turn coup is
huge disappointment
he crosses the finish line the
tears eyed yeah unhappy a game
last lap trick I was not too much
Misplaced
good it does not it's a pity title
really disappointed cabbage I'm doing a good
race and has several times where it rubs
it's really strong
I almost fell in their journey
final the airlock sent forge hardly end I
panic not a little but it's a little
anything I mingle with cannes between
legs I'm spreading to the press and
finish with the whole group that pass me
above we see the dance is hard
begin for me it's not the day there
I farted a stick very early 300 meters
after the line is a stick all the way down
early I thought it was my points
not touched that after I throw it
I take it bounces on my hand I
loupe and I do not know the legs
crazy but it can fix things
sadness so after a battle at
which two other French took
share the representatives of the team grenoble
northern isère
cyril gaillard and guillaume perrot did not
not played the extras 3 yeah bah that's
true with guillaume we tried everything
because me behind the others they
know that in the end if the strongest
not that they are not riding a new moment
we tried we tried if ever came out
wheels and then my mast at the end like
planned they go ahead and it's them
who win 1 we try to leave and
the more we had to try not to take
the wheel makes them leave those who were
in front of and then we tried to do that
but to roman claudon that you are very
fort who came back twice to us
and suddenly after me it was very hard
in the last lap I dropped cirilli
this is a sprint spell a little bit
on interesting in like that it's
normal we are less used to doing
well it's gone pretty strong well placed
and then just after departure what are you
cane of the coup I took again rather quickly
but I left a lot of juice for
replace
then after in front when it attacks the
russian very much sensational the hi
I think that roller skiing on its own
in skiing in general what we have
proved we just showed it and
sensational new gyan we Lorraine
were great we expected we were hoping
a success we were not expecting
popular success really today I
think 2000-2005 160 500 people sus
around the park where it was really facing
at fantastic